hey guys Jason we're here at white
marketing it's been a bit since I've
done a video today we're gonna be
talking about Instagram video ads I'm
gonna show you quickly what I do to set
them up kind of the results we are
getting with them and they have been
awesome so I'm creating a blog to go
along with this that will show you
exactly what you need to do but in the
meantime let's discuss or better yet
let's jump on this platform and I can
just walk you through it so I created it
I've been testing the Instagram ads for
the last month or so and they are
working great especially the video ads
but they're it's a little different like
it's not your typical send them to a
landing page get the lead and then take
that lead into an email sequence there's
a couple of other things you have to do
which we're still testing but it is
working like crazy like we are getting
leads from what people are calling in
but more importantly people are sharing
our video on the Instagram platform
they're letting other people know about
it which I'm going to show you on this
in a second okay so first off when
you're on Instagram obviously Instagram
add Instagram was bought by Facebook for
19 billion I thought that was a crazy
move back in the day but I'm beginning
to see the power behind it so if you go
over here they have about 300 million
users you click on here to create an ADD
Harry your choices you can boost your
post promote your page send people to
your website now I always like to do
send people to your website or increase
conversions on your website okay
get video views is fine I mean you can
get one sent video views but you just
don't know if it's working ok so I'll
usually pick one of these and like I
said any three of these is fine get
video views send people to your website
increase conversions so a man goes send
people to my website I want to know
what's the cost per click but when it
comes to Instagram it's not all about
the click and I'm going to show you why
so actually let's
let me show you what I did on this video
so let's say I'm gonna drive them to Y
draw sight whiteboard animation here is
my conversion page now like I said it's
not a big deal if they don't make it to
my conversion page I don't care because
I'm gonna show you the power behind
Instagram and it's not about the the
hittin your Thank You page okay it's a
little different feel so custom audience
I want to find marketing directors so
i'ma go here and I already did this I
pre-made this audience so anybody with a
job title of marketing director chief
marketing officer and you can see the
power behind that if you're in the
fitness and you want to find people that
are interested in fitness you could go
after that if you are in the dental
market we do a lot for Dennis marketing
things like that you can find people in
your local area so you need to spend
some time in the audience space so take
a hour to actually really figure out
where your audience is and build a good
list this is already pre-made so I'm not
gonna go through that right now and I
have some other tutorials that will do
that for you so I hope you can see this
let me blow it up a bit
hey so let's say I'm going to do twenty
dollars a day clicks the website all
that's pretty much standard you can see
the audience size so I got five hundred
and sixty people on Instagram I got two
thousand people on Facebook great that's
a small audience by the way I want to go
bigger I'm gonna upload my video add so
I just want some okay now here is where
you can adjust you can remove your
desktop feed you remove your mobile news
feed you remove your desktop right
column feed and just leave Instagram
that is what we're going after is the
Instagram ad over here you're gonna
choose the webpage you want to obviously
it's going to be why draws
page logos not talking right whatever
okay and it's attached to this Instagram
account right here so you do have to
attach your Instagram account if you
haven't before like if you jump over
here see that one but I'm just going to
stick here on the white draw one now
here's your text we're an explainer
video company now that your text
actually needs to be captivating
obviously spend some time on designing
some good text
don't be talking about features never
talk about your features of your product
what you want to do is talk about the
benefits okay if you're a consumer you
don't really care about features you
want to know the results so I would say
get instant attention leads or this is
for videos so hate doing this on the fly
I really can't think right now on this
be heard obviously people want to
okay I'm just going to do that right now
struggling
okay we're gonna throw this one up in I
don't know why it didn't take that along
okay I this is a video so I go watch
more if you want him to download
something you can go to download apply
now we're just gonna go to watch more
now here's some Advanced Options you can
put in a URL tag I do not do that and
this is this is an Instagram so if you
want to take this thing and expand it
out like crazy okay so don't don't like
cheat yourself by just putting one line
you want to put a lot and then since it
is on the Instagram put some hashtags
nice tag why draw nice time you need
this okay so you wanna expand that out
and keep going I mean if you want to
talk more about your product or service
like I said make sure it's the benefit
you can expand this out it is on
Instagram people will read it also a lot
of times what you want to do is direct
them up into your profile so you can say
here click a link is in profile because
you can't put links down in this stuff
and I don't know why it's not uploading
in don't ask me
it actually was having struggles this
morning I'll select something we already
have in there just so you guys can get a
feel so that loads up obviously watch
more this is a little Christmas thing we
created for just our clients current
clients so this is what your Instagram
ads gonna look like it's a video ad like
I said now something you have to
understand is when you're running video
ads you can actually create a 30-second
if you're just doing a normal Instagram
video it's only 15 seconds but if you're
actually doing an ad you can do a
30-second ad bought it
then what you do is hit place order and
your Instagram ad is running now here's
what I wanted to show you Instagram is a
bit different
it's not about capturing the lead and
here's the power with Instagram
it's the comet so I've created some
dental ones where like Dennis just start
sharing these your ads they start
talking about it to each other so you
can look very first comment this beta
man man beta man whatever it is shared
it with Scott Kelty I like this amazing
this person shared it with this person
this person said we copied which it did
come from direct this person shared it
with this person yeah I replied back so
you can get some interaction here like
this person shared it with - it MCD with
this person what we really should have
done I'm interested send me an email so
you can see that people are interested
and they keep sharing it back and forth
well obviously I got a lot of clicks
from this go back into our platform
and show you how many while that's
loading
so you can see from this one we've got
310 website clicks like I said it's not
all about the clicks it's not all about
the visitors it's about what's happening
within the Instagram platform so here's
another person hey email me ASAP and
then we send them an email
this got shared with this person okay
964 likes I think we got well a lot of
thousand not a thousand I think like 600
followers more followers okay so that's
that's the power behind Instagram now
here's a little trick you can go through
here I know that all these people are
interested so now I can start copying
their their tags I can copy these and
keep them in a file so that when I post
another post or another video all I do
is tag all of them and I can share it
with all of them because I know that
they were interested in it or you can
grab the one where they're sharing it
too so this person you would want to
keep track of all of them and next time
you post a post you can just send all of
them a message and say hey at this name
and they will why can't I think of
anything that you just do at this name
you'll have a big list of them and share
it okay and that is something else to
get a lot of mileage from Instagram so
that's quick short and easy like I said
this is attached to a whole blog article
on it which I probably explained a
little better on the blog article but
either way if you have questions you can
always go to our site white marketing
com email us jace at wine marketing com
would be happy to help if you need
somebody to run your Instagram ads we do
run Instagram video ads normal ads also
but we really love the video ads
facebook video ads and YouTube video ads
so questions let me know thanks for
listening but